capital = 260

oob = "AGR_1936"


set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    tech_support = 1        
    tech_engineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
    motorised_infantry = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	mechanical_computing = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_convoys = 30

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 50
	fascism = 30
	communism = 10
	democratic = 10
}

recruit_character = AGR_Agress0r
recruit_character = AGR_bukashka
recruit_character = AGR_Zemik
recruit_character = AGR_CatNeo
recruit_character = AGR_MrStorm
recruit_character = AGR_CryF1sh
recruit_character = AGR_dragon
recruit_character = AGR_Archmage
recruit_character = AGR_agent
recruit_character = AGR_zhykich
recruit_character = AGR_servant
recruit_character = AGR_kommisar
recruit_character = AGR_favior
recruit_character = AGR_artaazar

set_politics = {
    ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1933.5.10"
	election_frequency = 240
    elections_allowed = no
}

create_faction = Zvezdnoe_Pristanische_Agress0ra
add_to_faction = AGR
add_to_faction = BMB
add_to_faction = CIF
add_to_faction = CPC
add_to_faction = CUM
add_to_faction = FER
add_to_faction = FUR
add_to_faction = KHR
add_to_faction = KIE
add_to_faction = LWW
add_to_faction = ODS
add_to_faction = PAS
add_to_faction = PND
add_to_faction = ROS
add_to_faction = SIB
add_to_faction = ALM

add_ideas = laziness
add_ideas = dead_channel
